Hi everyone, welcome to our second GMT+ class session! My goals for today's session are to:
- check in on how the first week of online learning is going
- discuss the personal essay part of your midterm (due April 28) and final. 
- talk about the example from last year's class
- review any remaining questions about final project proposals (due Tuesday evening at 9pm EDT)


So, how was the first week of online class? If you're not sure what to say, perhaps share:
    one thing that went well that you enjoyed
    a lesson you learned about working in these new conditions
    (or) something you're struggling with
    (or) something about the class that could be adjusted

(except for the last item, they don't have to be specific to the class)

For me, the thing that brought me joy was a colleague who loaned me their kayak that I hope to launch from our backyard tomorrow if it's as warm as forecast!

One reminder: I'm still expecting everyone to post in advance to #readings and reply to at least one other comment. I'm planning to update the syllabus with timing for the participation grader code, and I'll reach out to anyone who missed it this week, as a gentle reminder.

@here let's transition to talking about the personal essay.The video for today and the readings provide an illustration of the kind of thing I'm looking for in the personal essay. After we talk a little bit about the experiments themselves, let's focus on how it helps you think about the kind of essay you might write.

Can someone summarize the Consumer Protection study? After that, I'll ask someone to summarize the student's essay.

Could someone summarize the student's essay? What aspect of the study did they choose to write about, and what did they suggest?

I know that in the #readings channel, there was a discussion about whether the study should be allowed or not, since the control group might not get the benefits of the intervention, if it has an effect. This is a common debate for field experiments. If you have an opinion, what helped you make up your mind?

Equipoise and the Ethics of Clinical Research: https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM198707163170304


The student's essay offers a very clear illustration of the ideas in the video of thesis/antithesis/synthesis that you will need to use in your personal final essay (proposal due a week from Tuesday). Let's talk about those essays for a bit.As a reminder, the essay should take up some question related to your team's project, work through that question, and then propose a way to resolve it.
If you have been thinking about what your proposal might be, could you share it here? If you're still trying to understand what a good topic looks like, this is a good time to ask for clarification.
